doc: Adds example for `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` (#3391)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy/resource/README.md

> # Example - MongoDB Atlas Backup Compliance Policy

Reviewer: even here, I think we're missing a clear why. I like the "lifecycle impact" part, but can you go a bit more into detail, indicating that "with a backup compliance policy, you'll encounter error XYZ if you try to delete a backup schedule before the deletion of the cluster"

Author: Thanks changed!

This example shows how to configure the `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` and the lifecycle impact on the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` and `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule`. With Backup Compliance Policy enabled, cluster backups are retained after a cluster is deleted (remember to set `retainBackups=true`) and backups can be used until retention expiration.

For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/)

## Dependencies

- Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider
- A MongoDB Atlas account

**Required** Variables to be set:
- `user_id`: Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies this user.
- `project_id`: Atlas Project ID.

**Optional** Variables to be set:
- `public_key`: Atlas Programmatic API public key
- `private_key`: Atlas Programmatic API private key
- `cluster_name`: Name of the cluster
- `instance_size`: Instance size of the cluster.

## Usage

> **Note**: This directory contain example of using the **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0** of `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`. In order to enable the Preview, you must set the enviroment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true`, otherwise the current version will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: This directory contains an example of using the **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0** of `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`. In order to enable the Preview, you must set the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true`, otherwise the current version will be used.
```

Author: Thank you. Applied in 9b63c5422b4d9081f5e3f700a092b4f8b31bae41

You can find more info in the [resource doc page](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%25202.0.0%2529).

### 1. Ensure your MongoDB Atlas credentials are set up

This can be done using environment variables or the `public_key` and `private_key` variables.

```bash
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY="<ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY>"
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY="<ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY>"
```
### 2. Review the Terraform plan

Execute the following command and ensure you are happy with the plan.

```bash

terraform plan
```

### 3. Execute the Terraform apply

Now execute the plan to provision the resources.

```bash
terraform apply
```

> ### 4. Cleanup Extra Steps When a Backup Compliance Policy Is Enabled

Reviewer 2: General note: including the error text would be helpful for searching for the error after a user runs into it, but I wonder if it should be included as a NOTE after the procedural step, rather than as the "headline" of the step. WDYT?

Author: Thank you for the question. IMO: The error helps set the context of why the extra steps are necessary. Since the main purpose is using `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` with `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` it is quite certain the user will bump into this immediately.

> ### 4. Cleanup Extra Steps When a Backup Compliance Policy Is Enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. How to delete a cluster when a Backup Compliance Policy Is Enabled
```

the word extra can lead to questions. There's really no extra, what we're saying here is that this is how it works by design based on the why we've provided above.

Author: Thanks changed!

If you try running `terraform destroy` you will most likely see this error:

```bash

> Error: error deleting MongoDB Cloud Backup Schedule ({cluster_name}): https://cloud-dev.mongodb.com/api/atlas/v2/groups/{project_id}/clusters/{cluster_name}/backup/schedule DELETE: HTTP 400 Bad Request (Error code: "BACKUP_POLICIES_NOT_MEETING_BACKUP_COMPLIANCE_POLICY_REQUIREMENTS") Detail: The following backup policies do not comply with the specified backup compliance policy: [...]

Reviewer: This section should go in the why (see my comment at the start of this file). 
Rationale: now you're in the how phase, I find it confusing we are saying customer "if you try to do this it won't _likely_ work"

Author: Thanks changed!

```

> The error happens because Terraform tries to delete the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource before deleting the cluster and the `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` resource blocks the action because the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` will no longer be compliant with the policy (For more details, see the [Configure a Backup Compliance Policy](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy) docs).

Reviewer: nice why, should go up

Author: Thanks changed!

The [resource dependency](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/behavior#resource-dependencies) between `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` and `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` is reversed during deletion.

> To workaround this limitation when deleting the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` and the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` you can choose one of the methods below:

Reviewer: nit: it's neither a workaround nor our own limitation. if it was it, can you please tell me what's the official way we should provide?

```suggestion
To proceed with the deletion you can choose one of the methods below:
```

Author: Thanks changed!

#### 1. (Recommended) Use a `removed` block to avoid the DELETE call for `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule`
This method requires Terraform CLI [1.7 or later](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#removing-resources).

> **Note**: If you are using a Terraform Module, we recommend using method 3 or follow the [module example](../module/README.md#different-cleanup-when-using-the-removed-block-for-a-module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you are using a Terraform Module, we recommend using method 3 if you can access to the terraform state, or follow the [module example](../module/README.md#different-cleanup-when-using-the-removed-block-for-a-module).
```

Author: Thanks changed in 8f063ea43c3397e609e5981b366e810491f18c59

Add the removed block
```terraform
removed {
  from = mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.this

  lifecycle {
    destroy = false
  }
}
```

> Remove the `resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule" "this"` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the `resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule" "this"` definition.
```

Author: Thank you changed!

Run `terraform apply`. You should see a plan similar to:

```bash
# mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.this will no longer be managed by Terraform, but will not be destroyed
 # (destroy = false is set in the configuration) [...]
 ```

 Run `terraform destroy`

#### 2. Disable `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` by contacting MongoDB Support

> This requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.

Reviewer: any links here?

Author: Added

> This requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You would need to reach out to MongoDB Support and go through a thorough verification process. However, this process may not be ideal for most customers who wish to maintain their backup compliance policies for other active clusters.
```

For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/)

## Backup Compliance Policy Deletion Consideration
-> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** Once a Backup Compliance Policy is enabled, no user, regardless of role, can disable the Backup Compliance Policy via Terraform, or any other method, without contacting [MongoDB Support](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/support/). However, if the Backup Compliance Policy is approved for disablement by MongoDB Support, the resource can be removed and the delete operation will successfully disable the Backup Compliance Policy. With Backup Compliance Policy enabled, some resources defined in Terraform will no longer be modifiable. See the full list of [Backup Compliance Policy Prohibited Actions and Considerations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/backup-compliance-policy/#configure-a-backup-compliance-policy).

Therefore, the resource `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy.this` defined in [main.tf](main.tf) must only be used if the intention is to use backup compliance policies for the project.

> ## Backup Compliance Policy Impact on a Cluster with Cloud Backup Schedule

Reviewer: excellent!

```bash
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY="<ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY>"
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY="<ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY>"
```
### 2. Review the Terraform plan

Execute the following command and ensure you are happy with the plan.

```bash

terraform plan
```

### 3. Execute the Terraform apply

Now execute the plan to provision the resources.

```bash
terraform apply
```

### 4. How to delete a cluster when a Backup Compliance Policy Is Enabled

To proceed with the deletion you can choose one of the methods below:  

#### 1. (Recommended) Use a `removed` block to avoid the DELETE call for `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule`
**Note**: If you are using a Terraform Module, we recommend using method 3 if you can access to the terraform state, or follow the [module example](../module/README.md#how-to-delete-the-cluster-and-retain-their-backup-snapshots).

This method requires Terraform CLI [1.7 or later](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#removing-resources).

Add the removed block
```terraform
removed {
  from = mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.this

  lifecycle {
    destroy = false
  }
}
```

> Remove the `resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule" "this"` definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove or comment out the `resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule" "this"` definition.
```

Author: Thank you. Changed here: 86d253d85c7759392d264dfc3f5d92dc7f6cc393
